Fix broken links (#973)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/resources/localization/identification-types.en.md

```
]]]

> The results included in this response will coincide with the country associated with your Mercado Pago account. For more information about this feature and its attributes, go to  [API reference](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/reference/identification_types/_identification_types/get).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results included in this response will coincide with the country associated with your Mercado Pago account. For more information about this feature and its attributes, go to  [API reference](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/identification_types/_identification_types/get).
```
